Spread: Add new layout component (#1554)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/proud-moles-exist.md

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

---
new:
  - Spread
---

**Spread:** Add new layout component

> Introduce a new layout component, `Spread`, used to justify content with both an equally distribute and a specify the minimum amount of space in between each child.

Author: ```suggestion
Introduce a new layout component, `Spread`, used to justify content with both an equally distributed and a specified minimum amount of space in between each child.
```
